hi I'm Leigh Chantal from Viva love
leggings on net and today we're going to
make soy milk soy milk comes from
soybeans that soybeans in their original
form soy milk is cruelty free because no
animals are harmed when you are getting
back you're getting milk from the soy
bean instead of from cows now what we've
done is we have soaked the soybeans
beforehand
and you need to soak those overnight in
three times the water and we've got
these beans here so I've got 1 cup of
cooked soybeans and I'm going to put
them in a food processor along with 3
cups of filtered water and I'm going to
me
then what we're going to do is come over
here to a bowl get a muslin cloth and
that's to drain up the accessory bit so
we've just got the milk left and we're
just going to pour it in and we're just
going to drain out as much of the milk
all the liquid as we can so now the rest
of the soybeans you can put into a soup
or you could put into a salad or
anything like that later on so you're
still using the pulp that you've done
we've got the milk from so from this
we're actually going to boil them up
and bring to the boil on the stove and
we're going to boil the milk for
approximately five to ten minutes until
it's actually make sure you get it to a
boiling and then you're going to boil it
for 5 to 10 minutes after that so after
we boiled the soy milk for about 5 to 10
minutes we're going to let that cool
down and then you can try your soy milk
and you can enjoy your sign soy milk and
it will actually keep in the fridge for
about 3 days we just spend milk if you
really liked the taste of cow's milk
previously you can actually add a bit of
salt into the soy milk and that will
taste maybe similar because if cow's
milk actually has a lot of salt in it
and you could also add agar later it
could add dates to it you could add some
fruit to it you could also add some
cacao or some chocolate mix
and you can make smoothies with soy milk
you can do so much with soy milk so I
hope you enjoy your site your soy milk
that we have made from scratch and CV
Bolivian net for more information